add new install default and clarify page (#136)
checkly/docs: detect/synthetic-monitoring/playwright-checks/custom-dependencies.mdx

Checkly installs dependencies from your `package.json` and lock files. It works with [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/), and [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/).

> By default, Checkly installs all dependencies (both `dependencies` and `devDependencies`). You can change this account-wide setting to install only `devDependencies` in your [account settings](https://app.checklyhq.com/accounts/settings/account/playwright).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Checkly installs all dependencies (both `dependencies` and `devDependencies`). You can change this setting to install only `devDependencies` in your [account settings](https://app.checklyhq.com/accounts/settings/account/playwright).
```

Since it's in account settings that felt like repetition?

| `pnpm-lock.json`    | pnpm            |
| `yarn.lock`         | yarn            |

> To override the account-wide setting for a specific check suite, use the `installCommand` property in your `checkly.config.ts`:

Reviewer 2: This might be a lack of context on my end, but what are we referring to here with "the account-wide setting"? 

Trying to understand it in contrast to the previous sentence a bit further up "You can change this account-wide setting to install only devDependencies in your [account settings](https://app.checklyhq.com/accounts/settings/account/playwright?_gl=1*48h0k3*_ga*MjExNjQ5OTUxNS4xNzU5MTUzMzIx*_ga_SYSCT5RC16*czE3NjYxNTY4NTkkbzM3JGcxJHQxNzY2MTU2ODc0JGo0NSRsMCRoMA..)."

> To override the account-wide setting for a specific check suite, use the `installCommand` property in your `checkly.config.ts`:

Author: yeah, 
```suggestion
To override the [playwright account setting](https://app.checklyhq.com/accounts/settings/account/playwright) for a specific check suite, use the `installCommand` property in your `checkly.config.ts`:
```

```typescript checkly.config.ts
import { defineConfig } from 'checkly'

export default defineConfig({
  checks: {
    playwrightChecks: [
      {
        name: 'My Check Suite',
        logicalId: 'my-check-suite',
        installCommand: 'npm install --dev',
      }
    ]
  }
})
```

Learn more about [customizing install commands](/detect/synthetic-monitoring/playwright-checks/configuration#customize-install-and-test-commands).

## Using private dependencies

Checkly supports private packages. To authenticate with your private registry, configure your credentials in Checkly.

```json package.json
{
  "devDependencies": {
    "@your-org/private-package": "^2.3.0"
  }
}
```

You need to:

1. Add authentication configuration to your `.npmrc` file

> 2. Include the `.npmrc` file in your `checkly.config.ts`

Reviewer: Do people have checkly.config.js?
